I'll be one how I doing come out here
and I welcome you all to the first
hands-on video of windows 10 mobile
build 10 166 build 10 166 has been
released study two windows inside us in
the first ring and well this bill does
not bring too many changes there are
obviously some minor UI changes one of
the most visible changes like these
people tile which was not present on
many of my devices with build 10 149
while many people got it so now this
build is available on both of my devices
so you can see the animation action
apart from that if you talk about your
changes then you can see this file
explorer now has got a new icon but
again apart from that we try we go and
my Start screen you will not see any
change there is one interesting and
unique feature that we just found out
while doing a hands-on with this build
so if you double tap here you can
collapse the Action Center and double
tapping will obviously expand the Action
Center tap to collapse double time to
expand good news is that swipe down to
expand Action Center still works but now
you have a pretty cool way to actually
collapse it as well so i think this
feature was obviously unlisted talking
about other changes like this battery
saver has got new icon here that you can
see so this is one of the changes apart
from this if we talk about animations
then there are like bit of changes in
the animation as well so opening any app
is now different earlier I mean the
animation that was seen in build 10 149
has been like I think it has changed a
bit
one of thing another thing that has gone
missing actually and that is a bad news
is that the landscape you I that we were
so happy about is now cannot be seen on
at least long a 540 so maybe we will try
it on lumia 640 XL and will report but
now for now it's missing actually so you
can see how the animation works here
okay and talking about the first
impression the build is very stable
while you can face some issues while
updating which we have already reported
in our installation experience so you
may have to soft reset and you know just
to install twice or thrice maybe but
once it gets updated all the things work
fine I mean it has most of the things
were working fine since build 10 149
over the build is quite smooth we have
not faced any crashes of freeze till the
time we have you know just like updated
to build 10 166 so that there's a lot
about this build but still obviously as
we always say that it's much better to
you know put the build in use for few
days and then you know then give a
feedback but first impressions really
remain y+ will is fast looks stable
smooth so obviously you can recommend
this for your main device but if you
really want to wait then wait for some
days and we will come back with our
detailed feedback detailed review so
keep keep watching our videos and we I
mean be tuned for the next video that we
will post for build 10 166 thanks for
watching